I'm Dante Mena, the author of the Adventure
Hungary travel guide, and here on behalf of
Expert Village. And we will learn a little
bit more about how to get around in the city
using the public transportation system. Here
we are at the top of the Deli Palyaudvar,
and like I said, coming out of this entrance
if we continue where we are coming from, we
will come out to the plaza level of the shopping
area of the train station. And then above
that we can go ahead and get our tickets and
continue on to other destinations in Hungary.
As we have come up to the top of the Deli
Palyaudvar with all of its shops, we know
that we can take a look at the signs, in blue,
that point, first of all to the train station,
but also to where we can find restrooms, and
also, if you will notice, it says "penztarak,"
and that means where we can get our tickets.
You will also see that good old eye, which
stands for information, and we can see that
we have to go up the stairs to get our train
tickets and also to board on the trains. And
as you can see, each of the lines over here
is for a different train, both coming and
going. And you will see, on the sign that
comes up from the Deli, that at the top there
are different line numbers. These different
line numbers correspond to the tracks, and
if you will look at the tracks you can see
that there are actually line numbers shown
- seven, eight, six, five, four, three, two,
one. And so knowing your line number, which
is usually shown on your ticket, and you can
always ask also at the ticket counter, you
can know which train it is that is boarding,
on which line, and you will notice that on
those signs, we're a little bit distant from
it, but you will notice that on those signs
you will also see the time of arrival or departure
and the end destination of the train. So you
can always make sure that you're boarding
on the right line.